hey how's it going guys it's Sam back
here again with custom pc review and
today i'm going to be doing another
video unboxing for you guys and today's
video unboxing is going to be on a cpu
cooler and this cpu cooler is none other
than the noctua NHC 14 so this is one of
not to us a highest n cpu coolers it
uses dual 140 millimeter NFP 14 flx fans
so that's one of the top of the line 140
millimeter fans by noctua and it also
has AC shape design as you've probably
seen from some of the pictures on the
box and that means the cooler is going
to wear at least the heatsink and the
fans are going to run parallel to the
motherboard and what that does is allows
the fans to blow air onto the
motherboard and of course as you all
know moving additional air onto the more
bored causes incidental airflow to the
vrm area to the RAM and everything
causing them to run a bit cooler alright
guys so inside the box we actually get
two more boxes and on one box well this
box right here is going to contain the
accessories and the box is actually just
going to contain the entire cooler
assembly itself so in the accessory box
first thing you get is a label package
for the AMD set and I really like this
the how not to a does this because you
know they always label their packages
which is very nice so that one's going
to be the NHC 14 common part so these
are common parts coming to both AMD and
intel motherboards and next thing you're
going to get is probably the
II Intel set so well there it is there's
a user's manual in there and i kind of
like this user's manual because you know
it's it's really clearly labeled which
side is the Intel side which side of the
AMD side and you know from past
experience not to has always had really
clear instructions on you know how to
mount their cooler so no worries there
in the back we have a support and faq
and how to get more information just in
case you're having trouble with it
you're probably not going to but just in
case there it is you also get a support
bar for this c14 you know because it's a
large cooler it's kind of mounted
sideways in a different orientation so
that's that you also get a screwdriver
it looks like a Phillips head so if you
don't have one of those knocks what
includes it because they are just that
thoughtful you also get an Intel set of
course because it would suck if you just
got the AMD set and of course that's it
for that box so we're just going to drop
everything into that little cover right
there and then we'll take a look at the
cpu cooler itself alright so opening the
box you actually have a pretty good idea
of why the cpu cooler box is actually so
big and um the reason for that is
because well the unique design of the
cpu cooler the c-shape actually
necessitates you to actually build a
pretty big box for this so um we'll kind
of pull it out real quick and take a
look at it and one of the interesting
things about the cpu cooler is that the
cpu fans are actually pre-mounted i know
most cpu cooler companies you know guys
who design cpu coolers and things like
that they never really melt the fans for
you so that's just an extra step here
you don't really have to do so
definitely props to noctua for doing
that I really like that um also we'll go
check out the bottom here it's it's
actually very nicely machine down here
so you can see just that reflection is
absolutely beautiful and also at the
bottom here we also see that it has six
heat pipes and heat pipes look fairly
thick so they should conduct heat very
well the fans unfortunately are not PWM
control and so they are three pin fan
connectors however these are one hundred
and forty millimeter fans so that means
they should run fairly silent you know
in addition these are not to a fan so
they are usually silent anyways and
they'll also include a low-speed adapter
just in case they're not silent enough
however as you all know that will
probably reduce performance by a little
bit so definitely keep that in mind
otherwise that should be pretty much
everything there is to the CPU cooler
obviously you can remove either one or
the other of the fans in case you know
this thing doesn't fit in your case or
anything like that but otherwise that's
all I really have for you I've got
another couple product shots for you
guys to take a look at before I end this
I want to thank Knoxville for sending
this out for review and I want to thank
the rest of you guys for watching and
stay tuned for more
you